1.Create worksheet contaning students following informations:
                                                1.S-id(String type)
                                                    ex: "CS101" //refers to the students to the Department of computer science who is of 1st with roll no.01
2. Name contaning first name and last name:
    Ex:  
        Biplob Das
3. Age(int)

    (a). Write formula to extract Department year and roll in different column for all the increasing S-id
    (b). Since they are the students of Vidyamandira create new mail-id column with help of increas in name where every entry should be of the following pattern:-  
                                                                                                                                                            LastName_FirstNamestd @Vidyamandira.ac.in
                                                                                                                                                            ex: Das_Biplabstd@Vidyamandira.ac.in
                                                                                        Note:- ph,ch,mt (For physics,Chemistry,Mathamatic respectively Take minmum 5 entrys for each department)
2. Create worksheet containing the model, year, price for each of a series of car.
                Take min 15 entrys
            what to do: set up formulas that enable you to enter the model and year of a car and return it's price.  
                Also compute the avg of prices >= the median prices 


3. Create a worksheet containing the travelling cost between 7 cities.
    [Mumbai,Delhi,Bangalore,Chennai,Goa,Ahamedabad,Kolkata]
    Suppose you want to travel from Mumbai to Kolkata visiting through other 5 cities also in giving sequence:
            (1). Compute the esitamed cost for your journey
            (2). Show all the possible road trips for your journey from Mumbai to kolkata via any one other city,and for each case show the estimated cost.
            (3). Which trip gives you the cheapest routemap for case(2).